README.md, before:

# Felix NeuroSync Local API Fork

- Provides Batch file to build a standalone executable from the Local API
- Proveds icon for executable
- Additional 'uptime' route for flask server
- flask server now runs multithreaded


# NeuroSync Local API

## 29/03/2025 Update to model.pth and model.py

- Increased accuracy (timing and overall face shows more natural movement overall, brows, squint, cheeks + mouth shapes)
- More smoothness during playback (flappy mouth be gone in most cases, even when speaking quickly)
- Works better with more voices and styles of speaking.
- This preview of the new model is a modest increase in capability that requires both model.pth and model.py to be replace with the new versions.

[Download the model from Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co/AnimaVR/NEUROSYNC_Audio_To_Face_Blendshape)

These increases in quality come from better data and removal of "global" positional encoding from the model and staying with ropes positional encoding within the MHA block.

## Overview

The **NeuroSync Local API** allows you to host the audio-to-face blendshape transformer model locally. This API processes audio data and outputs facial blendshape coefficients, which can be streamed directly to Unreal Engine using the **NeuroSync Player** and LiveLink.

### Features:
- Host the model locally for full control
- Process audio files and generate facial blendshapes

## NeuroSync Model

To generate the blendshapes, you can:

- [Download the model from Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co/AnimaVR/NEUROSYNC_Audio_To_Face_Blendshape)

## Player Requirement

To stream the generated blendshapes into Unreal Engine, you will need the **NeuroSync Player**. The Player allows for real-time integration with Unreal Engine via LiveLink. 

You can find the NeuroSync Player and instructions on setting it up here:

- [NeuroSync Player GitHub Repository](https://github.com/AnimaVR/NeuroSync_Player)

Visit [neurosync.info](https://neurosync.info)

## Talk to a NeuroSync prototype live on Twitch : [Visit Mai](https://www.twitch.tv/mai_anima_ai)

Commit message:

removed some emojis from the print code to avoid problems with piping the output in c++

README.md, after:

# Felix NeuroSync Local API Fork

- Provides Batch file to build a standalone executable from the Local API
- Proveds icon for executable
- Additional 'uptime' route for flask server
- flask server now runs multithreaded
- removed some emojis from the print code to avoid problems with piping the output in c++


# NeuroSync Local API

## 29/03/2025 Update to model.pth and model.py

- Increased accuracy (timing and overall face shows more natural movement overall, brows, squint, cheeks + mouth shapes)
- More smoothness during playback (flappy mouth be gone in most cases, even when speaking quickly)
- Works better with more voices and styles of speaking.
- This preview of the new model is a modest increase in capability that requires both model.pth and model.py to be replace with the new versions.

[Download the model from Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co/AnimaVR/NEUROSYNC_Audio_To_Face_Blendshape)

These increases in quality come from better data and removal of "global" positional encoding from the model and staying with ropes positional encoding within the MHA block.

## Overview

The **NeuroSync Local API** allows you to host the audio-to-face blendshape transformer model locally. This API processes audio data and outputs facial blendshape coefficients, which can be streamed directly to Unreal Engine using the **NeuroSync Player** and LiveLink.

### Features:
- Host the model locally for full control
- Process audio files and generate facial blendshapes

## NeuroSync Model

To generate the blendshapes, you can:

- [Download the model from Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co/AnimaVR/NEUROSYNC_Audio_To_Face_Blendshape)

## Player Requirement

To stream the generated blendshapes into Unreal Engine, you will need the **NeuroSync Player**. The Player allows for real-time integration with Unreal Engine via LiveLink. 

You can find the NeuroSync Player and instructions on setting it up here:

- [NeuroSync Player GitHub Repository](https://github.com/AnimaVR/NeuroSync_Player)

Visit [neurosync.info](https://neurosync.info)

## Talk to a NeuroSync prototype live on Twitch : [Visit Mai](https://www.twitch.tv/mai_anima_ai)
